N-N-N-N-N-N-N-Knowledge Fight
Damn, Ed, Jordan, I'm sweating
knowledgefight.com, it's time to pray
I have great respect for knowledgefight
knowledgefight
I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys
Shang, we are the bad guys, knowledgefight
Dan and Jordan, knowledgefight
Riddle her, riddle her, riddle her
Need, I need money, riddle her, riddle her, riddle her
Andy and Kansas, Andy and, Andy and
Stop it, Andy and, Andy and Kansas
It's time to pray
Andy and Kansas, you're on the air, thanks for holding us
Hello, Alex, I'm a sister in color, I'm a huge fan
I love your work
knowledgefight
knowledgefight.com
I love you
Hey everybody, welcome back to Knowledge Fight, I'm Dan
I'm Jordan
We're a couple dudes, I like to sit around, drink novelty beverages
and talk a little bit about Alex Jones
Oh, indeed we are, Dan
Jordan!
Dan!
Quick question for you
What's up?
What's your bright spot today?
My bright spot today, Jordan, is that I completed my newest little nanoblock sculpture
Oh yeah, you did!
I've been getting into these little mini Legos quite a bit
and I got a new one
I don't believe you can call them mini Legos
that is a brand name, Dan, these are nanoblocks
I got one that is the Easter Island Heads
and it was a little bit easy, actually, it's pretty small
but great, I've always had an attraction
I've been drawn to the Easter Island, the statues
You really have
Yeah
We've talked about this since like
Since childhood
Yeah
There's something about, I don't know, maybe it's because I grew up in Hawaii for a while
and there's something about the call of the islands
You like an island
I do like an island
You like a good island
Yes
And I guess, you know, just the idea of those gigantic heads
If you're a kid, that's amazing, it fills you with wonder
Yeah, absolutely
And so it's very nice to have this as a little decoration on the desk
Yeah, it is always nice to see Easter Island
because no matter, I mean, even if you know what's going on
and how it was done
Yeah
As many archaeologists and scientists do
there's still a party that just looks at those and go like
The fuck were you guys thinking?
It's still
What was going on in your brains there?
It's still remarkable no matter what
Yeah, amazing
And to a child, it's just amazing
Absolutely
So what about you, Jordan?
Ah, Dan, I'm afraid my bright spot is going to be back in FF7
Oh boy
I just bred my 7,000th Gold Chocobo over the years
In the 23 years that I've been playing this dumb game
7,000 Chocobos
So many Gold Chocobos
But Dan, it's weird, I have bred my fastest ever Gold Chocobo
It is, I've never seen a Chocobo this fast
Number 7,000 was the fastest
Something along those lines
But yeah, it's incredibly fast
It's very exciting for me
And that's basically the end of the game
Whenever I'm, I rarely ever finally finish the game
It always ends once I've completed that
Like you have to go through all these different things
And it's just so fun
It's fun
And it's a sense of achievement
And you develop a relationship
I name them
Sure
It's fantastic
This sounds exactly like the chows in Sonic Adventure 2 Battle
Which I told you about when you told me you were back on your bullshit
Oh, back on my bullshit
Back on your Chocobo bullshit
Back on my bullshit
I can't wait to see how they handled Knights of the Round summon materia in the new remake
That'll be incredible
Ooh
Well, I look forward to that on your behalf
Jordan, today we got an interesting episode to go over
We're going to be talking about December 31st, 2020
I'm Dan, this is 2020
Up to January 1st, 2021
I'm Dan, this is now 2021
Confusing
We're going with the last day of last year and the first day
New Year's Eve and New Year's Day
Yep
I gotcha
Alex did do both of these shows
Okay
And there's, you know, some stuff
Okay, good for him
Yeah, I don't know
I found myself, like, I had an interesting experience when I was listening to this
Uh-huh
It was one of those times that I'll listen to this show
I'll listen to this show and I'll be like, all right, Alex
As I'm listening to it, I'll find myself Mystery Science Theater-ing it
Kind of like, oh yeah, sure you did
Sure you did
Okay, yeah, I bet
Okay, all right
Yeah, there's just a long stretches where I was like, okay, sure
Jones, the hands of fate
Just like nothing was going on
Yeah
For long stretches
But there is some things that are important to discuss
Visit from Torgo?
We may
Okay
You really shoehorned that in
I was trying real hard
Uh, hands have faded that horned it in
Dammit
Horns have faded it in?
Yeah
Okay
Before we get to today's episode though, let's take a moment to say thank you
to some folks who have signed up and are supporting the show
Oh, that's a great idea
So first, uh, Burnt W, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thank you, Burnt W
Next to Megan S, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thanks, Megan
Thank you
Next, Sandra D, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thank you very much, Sandra D
Thank you
Next, Ian H, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thanks, Ian
Thank you
Next, Justin C, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thank you, Justin C
Thank you
Next, Reid G, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thanks, Reid
And finally, uh, I'd like to say thank you to a couple of people who donated on elevated level
and we appreciate that very much
So first, Brianna R, thank you so much, you are now a technocrat
And Dan, I'm so glad you don't have to sell blood anymore. You are now a technocrat.
I'm a policy wonk.
Crikey, mate. That's fantastic. Have yourself a brew.
How's your 401k doing, bro?
All right, we gotta go full tilt boogie on this, Watson, all right?
Let's just get down to business. We ain't making that money off that heroin.
Why you pimps so good?
My neck is freakishly large. I declare info war on you.
Thank you so much. I got a correction. I accidentally said Brianna. It's Brenna.
Oh, damn it, Dan.
Sorry about that. I throw in eyes all over the place.
Redo.
Start it from the beginning. Hey, everybody. Welcome back to Knowledge Fight.
And thank you so much, Dan. I'm so glad you don't have to sell blood anymore.
Yes, I'm not, Dan. I thought we were far more punk rock when you were selling blood.
We were so fucking cool.
I feel like we had more credibility.
Totally. Now that you're comfortable in your single bedroom apartment as we record in your office.
I do. I mean, I do feel spoiled.
I live a pampered existence now that I don't have to sell blood.
So opulent we live.
Anyway, Jordan, today we got an episode.
Oh, yeah.
I found this intro to today's episode, this beginning, this first clip where Alex is just
getting the gears going on New Year's Eve day. All right.
I thought that this was really exciting.
Okay.
I was wrong, but I got pretty excited by it.
Okay. Now, what is this? Well, this really is the equivalent of an intruder cell.
He's talking about the vaccine.
Sure. Just to be clear.
Yeah.
With an entire genome of multiple species, a chimera, a chimera clone of a human and a jellyfish.
Love it.
Coming in and assimilating your entire body.
The jellyfish is a hive organism, a colony organism.
Wait, all jellyfish or just this specific jellyfish?
Going in and taking over every cell that replicates in your body.
Only thing that will be the original you when it's done is the cells in your eyes
and any eggs in a woman's ovaries.
All other cells are to be taken over.
They leave your eyes.
Happening in the year 2021.
It didn't come from some distant galaxy.
It didn't come from some distant star.
They came from a different dimension.
From some far away planetary system.
Sure.
It came from the mad scientist here on our planet, but it is as alien as a Martian.
It's as alien as somebody from Pluto.
Why?
It's as alien as some single cell organism in some planet orbiting Alpha Centuries or Betelgeuse.
Really?
Are we doing that?
Are we really doing that?
Music's back.
Cell intruder MRNA.
Human cell.
Uh-huh.
Inject MRNA.
Take over.
Assimilation completed.
Okay.
It's pronounced Betelgeuse.
Yeah, it is.
Was there a five-second cut?
Because I heard a difference in the sound.
I think there might have been a cut where he went,
Fuck!
No, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
It would be tough to tell even if you watch the video.
Yeah, because, you know, there's overlay of video.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got really excited there because I was like, oh my god, Alex is doing a goddamn sci-fi speech
over dramatic music.
Hell yeah.
I thought for sure it was like, oh, I'm gonna try.
I'm gonna end this year.
I've been terrible this whole year, but I'm gonna go out on top.
Might as well.
I am gonna have ambition.
I'm gonna show you guys what I can do.
And I went and I found the video and I was like, no, this is just a meme.
Someone in the engineering room or like the producer is just playing a meme that has audio.
It's from the movie The Thing.
Uh-huh.
And someone has just replaced, like, just written MRNA.
Brilliant.
Over the computer analysis scene.
These people are geniuses.
I was a little disappointed, but I still thought it...
Yeah.
I wish...
It was a little different.
I wish the right didn't own creativity, you know?
They're just so goddamn creative.
It's dumb, and I'm sure it was Count Dankula or whoever the fuck Alex is making his hot
memes these days.
But like, I just...
When I was listening to it, what I got away from it or what I took from it as an audio
thing was so much more disappointing when I realized it was just a meme that had accidental
audio in it.
I thought he was trying.
Yeah, I really thought so, too.
I thought it was a good choice of music to play behind that little creepy speech.
It was ominous?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The thing is one of the top ten horror movies of all time, I would say.
Beetle Geese.
Better be goose.
Man, he had to have realized, otherwise there wouldn't have been such a long pause, right?
He realized instantly that is not how you say it.
I don't think so.
And then he was trying to find a way.
I think he just ran out of gas.
That could be.
So apparently, top story, people are dying from the coronavirus vaccine, the COVID-19
vaccine.
What?
No.
They always say the devil is in the old details.
Oh, more deaths, by the way.
Deaths in Spain, deaths in Israel, deaths in Switzerland, deaths, deaths, deaths from
the new mRNA genetic takeover systems.
Beetle Geese.
Folks are taking it, and they're dead in a couple hours.
So I'm not sure about the supposed death that he's talking about in Spain, but there
is an article on his website, at least, that tells you what he's talking about, about
the Israel and Switzerland deaths.
The Switzerland death doesn't appear to be related to the vaccine.
Okay.
And in the case of the person in Israel, it was a 75-year-old man who had cancer and a
history of heart attacks.
Doctors believe that though he died shortly after receiving the vaccine, the heart attack
that killed him was unrelated to vaccination.
I'm certain that that assumption that the doctors have is something that's going to
be examined.
Yeah.
And I'll go ahead and listen to doctors about issues like this, not weirdos who ramble over
80s sci-fi movies to sell dumb pills.
Yeah, that one's a real...
That requires a bit more of a titanic intellect to get to the bottom of that.
Yeah, or if you're going to be like, deaths, deaths everywhere, you kind of have a responsibility
of proof.
You need a little bit more than a couple of stray cases of people who have conditions
that could have not been related to the vaccine.
I have a question for you.
Yeah.
How many doses of the vaccine worldwide have we got out so far?
Well, there was three.
There was just that one in Spain, that one in Israel, that one in Switzerland.
Oh, okay.
Well, then two for three is trouble.
Oh, no.
The vaccine rollout is not going well.
Yeah.
I'm going to need Alex to do a little better, and he does not.
Yeah, so as you may recall, a little while back, someone got canned over at Infowars.
I believe a lot of people got canned.
Oh, man.
David Knight.
Yes.
Is he back?
No.
Oh.
David Knight is still on The Lamb doing his show on Periscope, which I can't imagine ever
watching.
No, no, no.
That's where we...
After Alex...
I've been so close.
After Infowars goes down, we're going right to David Knight's Periscope.
I've been so close a couple of times to tuning in to see if he's talking shit, and then
I just can't do it.
Just to see if he's talking shit.
Yeah.
Can't pull the trigger.
You want to see him talk good shit, though.
Yeah, I do.
When he was fired, I made a pronouncement, and that was, who the fuck else do you have
there?
Yes.
Harrison Smith?
What are you going to do?
Have Harrison Smith host the hours that David Knight was on?
So he's going to have Harrison Smith host the hours that David Knight was on.
And we have the new American Journal hosted by Harrison Smith doing a splendid job.
There we go.
His name is AAM Central.
I also pop in, so does Owen Schroyer.
That is a total call-in show.
But the final transmission of the Alex Jones show of the year 2020, what a year.
I'd like to get your take on what you think is coming in the new year, and what your resolutions
are in the new year, and what you think our focus should be in the new year.
Great question.
Reading.
Yeah.
That would be a good focus for you, Alex.
Read the articles you cover.
That would be a good start.
Get an hour away from your recording studio at all times.
That would be my suggestion.
Yeah, go with the scouser.
Get an hour away from everywhere.
Get Harrison an hour away, too.
Yeah, get everybody.
Although, I mean, I've talked a lot of shit about Harrison Smith being an uninteresting
bump on a log.
Basically the equivalent of a cardboard cutout of a host.
But again, what American Journal is trying to be is like a call-in show with a completely
neutral host.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He is probably the only person who you might be able to, like, he's so boring he fits that
role.
Yeah, I'd say he's their best shot.
He is an upgrade in terms of a boring-ometer.
Yes.
From David Knight.
Going to the applause-o-meter, we're still at zero, but it's 0.2.
Yes.
Instead of 0.0.
Also, I went to the American Journal page on band.video, because I was thinking about,
like, seeing if Alex had been hosting it, and I saw that it was Harrison Smith.
Sure, sure, sure.
I'm not even gonna fish in this well.
But I did notice, it's a little bit in your face that American Journal's initials are
the same as Alex Jones.
Okay.
It just has a big AJ on it.
The AJ Show.
Not the Alex Jones Show.
The American Journal Show.
Completely different.
I didn't realize it until I went to the website and I saw those graphics.
I was like, this is a little bit much.
Put your name on the building.
So we got some people dying of COVID in the last week.
Some celebrities and some high-profile people.
Sure.
And these are people that Alex needs to push back on.
Yeah, they're globalists or whatever.
Well, Luke Letlow just got elected to Congress.
And then what happened?
And then they said he died of COVID.
But what happened is he went in, he tested positive for COVID.
They did a quote, surgery on him.
He had a heart attack and died.
You got to read the fine print, but they say he died of a heart attack.
Well, 80 something year old Dawn Wells of Marianne fame of Gilligan's Island.
One of my favorite silly shows.
Some earliest memories are watching Gilligan's Island.
Dies of COVID-19 at 82.
Complications.
Dumbass Alex Jones probably thought that was a documentary.
These people have been on that island for a long time.
Too bad they can't get off.
Those rich people seem nice.
I'd like to hang out with them.
And my favorite thing about these people on the island is they're all white.
They're all ungrateful.
They wouldn't have been there if they weren't for that boat in the first place.
So Alex is really playing fast and loose with the details of these situations,
particularly with that of Luke Letlow, because he knows it's really bad.
And stories like this are really hard for him to spin.
And so when he, you know, when that happens,
he basically just denies reality as a primary strategy.
Letlow had been elected to Congress to represent the 5th district in Louisiana,
but before he could be sworn in, he died at the age of 41 from COVID-19.
The way Alex is presenting the story, it sounds like he just happened to have COVID
and he went to get a completely unrelated quote surgery
and then died of a heart attack in that surgery.
But that is not what happened.
He entered Monroe Hospital on December 19th because of COVID symptoms.
And his condition deteriorated quickly, leading to him entering the ICU on December 23rd.
There he suffered a heart attack that, quote,
was refractory to all resuscitation efforts, according to Dr. G.E. Galley.
The New Orleans Times-Picayune reported, quote,
asked if Letlow had any underlying conditions that would have made his death more likely.
Galley said in a text message, quote, none.
All COVID-related.
Alex is lying to his audience about this case to make them,
you know, less likely to take COVID-19 seriously.
That's bad.
Yeah.
Now, as for Dawn Wells, he better keep her name out of his mouth.
She was a great woman, which I'm basically saying mostly because she was an alum of Stevens College,
which is in my hometown of Columbia, Missouri.
She would come to town regularly and speak with theater students there.
And everyone I knew who'd met her and spent time with her really gave me the impression
that she cared a lot about being able to give whatever she could to these students,
which I always found really admirable.
Always.
I've always, I've grown up with a, with a deep appreciation for Dawn Wells,
both as like someone who liked Gilligan's Island as a kid,
and someone who was tertiarily aware of some of her, uh, like decency as an adult.
Sure.
She was 82 years old, but from all accounts,
including a video she posted around Christmas,
she was in really good health until she got COVID-19,
at which point things went downhill fast.
From the details that are available,
it does not seem outlandish to ascribe her death to COVID.
These are two recent deaths that are high profile and very emotionally resonant.
So it's critical and important for Alex to attempt
to deny the reality of these deaths to his audience.
Luke Letlow was only 41 years old, and he'd just been elected to a seat in Congress.
He had his life ahead of him and it was snatched away by COVID.
On the other side, Dawn Wells was a sweetheart for most of the audience,
for their youths, the person that they had a crush on when they were children.
Sure, her passing has the possibility of being like emotionally affecting to them in a way
that could be unpredictable.
So Alex has got to pretend that all this is bullshit.
And I just hate it.
I hate it.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, it's...
How do humans act this despicably?
You ever wonder?
You know, when he says you can look into the abyss, that old nature character.
When you can look into the abyss, then the, you know, the nature.
Yeah, that character.
The character, okay.
And then the abyss looks back.
But you don't deny a pandemic.
Isn't that different?
I don't know.
Isn't that just too wrong?
There's a small part of me that I suspect that Alex realizes, like, I can't go back.
I've already gone too far down this road.
Yeah.
No matter what, I have to commit to this because going back looks so dumb.
What happens if I say, whoops.
Yeah.
I've got years.
What if in 2006 he'd been like, you know what?
I was wrong about 9-11.
What kind of a career could he possibly have?
He'd spent so much time insisting 9-11 was an inside job and all this.
If he did that now or at any point, he's like, oh, you know what?
We got to take over real seriously, guys.
Masks are not a sign of slavery.
You should get the vaccine.
He can't do it.
He can't double back.
It's just so weird because when you look at the history of capitalism and you see how
many times people have had the choice between continuing to make money or doing the responsible
thing and saving lives, it's always been saving lives with capitalism.
That's what I've always thought of.
I wonder, I mean, you're putting it in terms of making money.
And I do think that that's a piece of it, but it's also like, his whole career is torpedo.
Totally.
Like he's already on the way to that happening slowly by a thousand cuts that mostly are
in the shape of a cube, but it would be a disaster for him and it would invalidate a
lot of what he probably would like to be his legacy.
Yeah, I just don't know how you could be in his situation and not like see the writing
on the wall and seek to control how you go out.
You know?
Narcissism, my man.
Yeah, that's so right.
I wish I could argue with that, but that's 100% correct.
Nevermind.
It's just feelings of like...
I retract all my statements and confirm my ennui.
And think about how many times he's been like back against the wall and been able to wiggle
out of things.
Yeah.
But something this big, you can't really do that.
When you're actively calling for the overthrowing of an election and denying a large-scale pandemic
that's killing thousands of people a day, you can't just be like, whoops, I whiffed
on that one.
It doesn't work.
Yeah.
And I mean, at this point you have to reframe it in an almost borderline sense of like,
this is the ultimate expression of class warfare.
Poor people are dying at rates infinitely higher.
That's what this is.
Like, I'm amazed that we can't even talk about it in those terms.
That would be an interesting way for Alex to try and approach it.
I mean, it would have the air of populism.
Yeah.
Certainly.
Oh, well.
But they do want the poor to die.
So it kind of up and down.
So you're saying like denying the pandemic is really monstrous and how do people do that?
Yeah.
I agree with you, but I think you're selling Alex short.
He can be worse.
Okay.
And they're even arresting people now that go into the empty hospital.
So I want to be very, very clear.
You need to go show the parking lot empty.
You need to show the receiving area empty.
You can shoot a time-lapse.
If they tell you to leave, leave.
But we've got multiple videos of people being arrested in the US and the UK when they go
to the hospitals, I don't think it violates.
I don't think it violates privacy.
I don't think the public has a right to know.
It does cover by whistleblowing.
It's covered by investigative journalism is not.
No, it is certainly not the arrest that Alex is referring to.
I don't know what United States person he's talking about, but there's definitely a person
in the UK named Debbie Hicks, who is an anti lockdown protester who showed up at a hospital
and recorded people to try and argue that there aren't any COVID-19 patients being treated
at forgive me in advance, Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.
Okay.
She got arrested for that video.
Isn't that Gloucestershire?
Whatever.
All right.
From now on, I'm just mispronouncing places harder.
Who cares?
2021 is the year of me leaning into mispronouncing place names.
Hey, come on.
The UK won't even be the UK.
You won't even need to remember how to pronounce United Kingdom.
It's going to be over soon.
Glues, sure.
So, yeah, she was videotaping patients who were waiting to see doctors, which is a serious
breach of confidentiality and privacy.
This is the case that Alex is referring to.
So when he says that he doesn't think that doing what that person is doing is a violation
of HIPAA, he is absolutely wrong.
He's directly telling his audience to behave in ways that would violate the rights of privacy
of persons seeking medical care.
He better seriously hope people don't follow through with that and yell infowars.com in
the video, because if they do, he might be in trouble.
I would like more people to attribute their crimes to infowars.com.
See, that could be the double-edged sword of him offering money for people who yell
stuff at rallies and yell infowars.com if they start doing things that he doesn't think
are illegal, but probably are.
If the RV bomber screamed out, Bill Clinton was a rapist before the RV exploded, I think
we'd have a little bit more of a clear-cut idea.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alex gets back to talking about demons.
Sure.
He can see them.
Newsome with that big jack-o'-lantern demon face.
I'd run from that guy that saw him in an alley.
He scares me.
People don't have the sight, though.
What's Newsome doing in that alley?
I would run too.
Killer level demon.
That's about as bad as they...
That's Satan's helper right there.
I mean, Cuomo, open demon.
Look at him.
Open demon.
Brian Stelter, open demon.
They've got the look.
They got the look.
Is that a term that I don't know?
Open demon?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is that a categorization of demon?
You know, it's hard at around, you know, anywhere from like 10 to 15.
You're going to have to come out as a demon to your parents and it's going to be brutal.
Go to demon...
I got nothing.
I don't like, I mean, I kind of enjoy Alex's continuing insistence that he can see demons
in people, although I think if taken not as a joke, it's really scary.
Yeah.
It implies something deeply disturbed.
What's the look?
I don't know.
Whatever Alex doesn't like.
Oh, the look actually, it seems to have to do something to do with political beliefs.
Turns out political beliefs can change the way you look to Alex.
That makes sense.
Oh, weird how it's all super subjective.
It's a lot clearer to me now.
But it's good that you were talking over that because he does say that people without discernment
can't.
Yeah, apparently you need discernment.
I hate that word.
So speaking of discernment.
Sure.
Alex has it in bucket loads.
Sure, he does.
So I'm gonna go back to Robert here and the rest of your calls, but the big news coming
up next hour.
Linwood files emergency petition.
US Supreme Court stopped January 5th runoff races in the US Senate in Georgia, which Trump
should have done.
Those are sending in the same fake ballots.
They're engaged the same fraud again, and if we let them do it, they'll do it again.
So Alex hasn't gotten the memo to ixnay on the Linwood.
Don't vote, don't vote, don't vote, don't vote, don't vote.
No, no, no.
Even beyond that, don't bring up Linwood by name.
I think it's a bad idea.
Yeah.
This isn't gonna be good for anybody.
It's not smart.
No.
I would say no.
Everyone stopped mentioning Sidney Powell.
We've stopped because a lot of this.
We don't want to talk about krakens anymore.
I don't like how it seems like everybody can get away with just kind of like letting the
detritus fall off the back of the ship.
You know, like Sidney Powell can just be drowned as she as the boat leaves and Trump and everybody
on the boat are fine.
No, she should take the boat down with her.
It seems like cause and effect would lead to that, but yeah, I don't know.
I'm constantly surprised.
We just watch them like throw Sidney Powell off the boat and we're like, well, the boat's
fine at least.
Well, I mean, like she shouldn't have been on that boat.
Yeah.
No, she was invited on the boat.
I know, but we just look at it like she should have been on the boat.
We're glad she's not on the boat.
We're glad you know.
No, the whole boat should be gone.
Well, maybe that makes more sense.
God damn it.
Speaking of boats.
What?
You know who had a lot of boats?
Alex?
No, well, yes, but more.
Oh, okay.
Actually, guess.
Guess how many boats or who it is?
No, no, no.
So a group that would have a lot of boats.
A group that would have a lot of boats.
North Korea.
No, they may not have existed.
A group that may not have existed, but had they existed would indeed surely have had
a lot of boats.
But I think Alex thinks they definitely existed.
Okay.
All right.
I got nothing then.
The Atlanteans.
And so it's a private corporate government who's in game is depopulation of the planet.
Sure.
And the establishment will then merge with machines and become this new evolved creature.
Now, whether they're going to get away with that or whether that's going to work, I don't
know.
The Bible says they're going to try to do it and it's going to fail.
Does the Bible say that?
Destroy most of the Earth, which they say happened with Atlantis before.
So things, I guess, repeat themselves.
Who's they?
Who says that's what happened with Atlantis?
I believe the Disney movie Atlantis.
Did even the Disney movie say that the elites were trying to become robot immortals or whatever?
No, they were already robot immortals in the Disney movie.
Okay.
Yeah.
Maybe, I mean, there's some Assassin's Creed in here, I think.
I think the narrative would be improved with Michael J. Fox.
I just think that's just true.
I, look, Alex is broke or in prison one day.
Sure.
I finally get to sit.
I pick up the phone across from the plexiglass.
You got your little prison-approved crayon in your other hand.
The only thing I want to know, do you think Atlantis is real?
Wait, I thought you were going to...
I thought we had a lot of talk about it because, no, you covered my show.
Only fucking question.
Do you really think Atlantis is real?
Oh, yeah.
Because you know what's fucked up?
I mean, we've talked about this a bunch.
I love Atlantis.
Oh, you love Atlantis.
I think it's a wonder...
Again, maybe it's because I had that time growing up in the islands.
The call of the island is strong.
You're an info-lawyer, if you will.
Sure.
I would never argue that Atlantis is real.
It was real?
No.
Are you sure it wasn't real?
I love thinking about it.
I like the ideas.
I like a lot of the sort of themes that have come from it.
Sure.
Where would you think it was?
Were it...
Santorini?
Santorini.
That's where you're going.
Right?
Isn't that...
I don't know.
A lot of people say a lot of different things.
I think it's...
I think most people assume that they meant the Mediterranean at the beginning,
and then everybody...
The world got bigger, and they were like,
Ooh, that's not going to look good.
So it's probably in the ocean somewhere.
Over by the plateau of Leng.
Yeah.
Sure.
I think it's from Lovecraft's dream cycle.
I like it.
So Alex, in the past, has asserted that the Trump...
One of his kids, one of Trump's kids, asked Alex to investigate Dominion.
And Alex got a crack team of sleuths on it, and they uncovered from SEC filings
that the state of China had given Dominion 400 million dollars or something along those lines.
Yes, they did say they discovered that.
We've talked about this already on a past episode,
but spoiler alert, that was a QAnon post that Alex had found.
And he had taken credit for...
Crack team of sleuths.
Um, he's still claiming that Trump's son told him...
Hell yeah.
What's crazy is the White House knows this.
I got asked by one of the Trump sons about a weekend of the election.
When I was out in Arizona, they said,
and they go, I want you to talk to this guy.
This guy calls up and he works for a big company.
And he says, we want you to look into where they get the money
for Staple Streets and for Dominion, it's sub-company.
And so I went and hired a company, took them three weeks,
and they found the LLCs in Switzerland and the 400 million on October 7th of this year, 2020,
being sent to Dominion by the Communist Party.
So yeah, I only play that to like,
demonstrate that Alex has really not given up on that narrative.
Yeah, he should let that one go.
Which is really sad.
He should let that one go.
Well, it's just sad to look at because I think that what's not,
the part about the Dominion and the documents and stuff,
it seems to be less important than Trump's son sent me on a mission.
Yeah, he's very proud of that thing that didn't happen.
Yeah, that part is really what is sadder about this.
He's puffing his chest out about a thing that definitely didn't happen.
Yeah.
Boy, no, no, it's not.
So he takes a number of calls on the show.
I will give it up to Alex on this front.
For winning the bronze at the Nagano Olympics, which he also totally did?
Yes.
He set out to take more calls and he achieved that.
I don't know if they fixed the phone lines or it was coincidence,
but there weren't any big fuck-ups in the calls.
Like it actually worked kind of, but the calls are largely boring.
Well.
Now, this one guy does call in and he wants to talk about hand sanitizer.
Sure.
And I'm here for that conversation, I would like a hand sanitizer conversation.
This bums me out because this is just a clip of like, why does Alex ask people questions?
Uh, the hand sanitizers, hand gel, mass used to create new superbugs,
scientist warns, and a bunch of other articles about how it lowers your fertility,
sterilizes you, makes you sick and kills your good bacteria.
Explain that to people.
Well, uh, what happens is it messes up your hormones, um, because of the, um, antibacterial,
you want some good bacteria is, uh, on your body that actually heals you.
And, uh, it actually, it turns out that the solid parts of our body,
something like a third of us is bacteria.
And Bill Gates knows that and studies it and he loves you though.
I don't know why he has a weird noise.
Yeah, I don't like that noise at all.
I don't know why he asks people questions.
You just immediately interrupts them.
Yeah, I mean, that was a terrible answer that deserved interrupting.
I don't disagree.
It's still rude.
It's still not a good host behavior.
That's fair.
So Alex is operating there at the end, uh, of old disproven scientific estimates.
In 2016, researchers examined the previously accepted ideas about the ratio of human cells
to bacteria in the body, and they found that there was a serious lack of backing for what
had been up to that point considered conventional thinking.
Previously, it was accepted as possible that microorganisms outnumbered human cells 10
to one in our bodies, but these researchers were able to trace this back solely to an
estimate from a 1972 paper in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.
By reexamining assumptions made back then and taking a more scientific approach, these
researchers arrived at a percentage of 0.3% of your body weight as bacteria.
In terms of pure numbers, they found that there's an approximately one to one ratio
of bacteria in human cells in most adult bodies, but it's still only 0.3% of your body.
I was waiting for you to be like, they traced it back to Pliny the Elder, and also it turns
out that centaurs aren't real, so we've learned a lot today.
This is just stupid shit where Alex is trying to scare his audience and sound smart.
There's definitely reasons why people shouldn't overdo it with antibacterial hand soap and
sanitizers, just for the sake of, you know, you don't want to.
But like, what, does he never take antibiotics then?
Yeah, no, never.
Seems unwise.
I don't like, people who, people like this shouldn't be allowed to enjoy the benefits
of the future.
If you're telling me that hand sanitizer, then you can't have anything!
You can't have antibiotics, you can't have probiotics, you can't have your pills, you
can't have any of this shit, because you, it's all based on the same shit!
Yeah, you can't eat yogurt.
Yeah, you can't have yogurt!
No penicillin!
Yeah.
So, I think Alex would be fine with it.
No, maybe not.
It's tough to say.
Although, I would like him to slowly be eaten alive by a foot fungus, that would be interesting.
Well, that could never happen, because he takes his vitamins.
Okay, good.
It's good to wash your hands some.
When you've been shaking a bunch of hands, whatever you never know, just because some
people might have some bacteria that your body doesn't like.
Wash your damn hands!
With your wife, or people you know, we all make each other stronger, more bacteria is
better, God bless you.
Again, if you have all the vitamins and minerals you need, you basically cannot get communicable
diseases.
Viruses can't replicate, bacteria can't take over, if you're healthy.
Wow.
That is an irresponsible take.
Just say you can pray out disease, Christ.
Well, I mean, prayer and vitamins, he's basically Hulk Hogan.
Yeah.
Dr.
Any carrots you'll be able to see.
Dr. Bolia on the radio here.
I hate people.
Boy, and man, does Alex knock it out of the park with science on this episode.
You know, we're genetically very similar to rats, we're more genetically similar to a
rat or a pig than we are to a chimpanzee.
Why do you think that?
Some weird stuff going on, folks.
Why?
That's weird stuff.
Why do you think that?
Why?
How can you say that out loud?
It's not true.
It is not true.
You just can't believe...
We're actually more genetically similar to rats and pigs than the thing that we literally
directly evolved from.
We're more similar to sticks than we are to each other.
Fine.
Whatever.
Say words.
Words, words, words.
We are shockingly close to a lot of animals, and that's because there are a lot of things
that are in common with us and animals.
Right, right, right.
Because we're animals.
Because we are them.
Yeah.
We're mammals.
And there's a theorized common ancestor way, way, way, way, way back.
And a lot of those DNA...
All 6,000 years back?
Or...
About 4,000.
About 4,000?
Okay, good.
And a lot of the DNA, a lot of it does the same things.
Yeah.
Expresses in similar ways.
But then certain mutations and such can then express in different ways, and what's more
survivable in any given environment would then kind of win out over time, and those
genes would continue to propagate until the cycle happens all over again, and over and
over and over again for billions of years, right Dan?
Yep, and that's how a rat became a human.
Ah, shit.
So Alex is talking to this caller, another caller, and it turns out that I think the
globalists have another plan that we didn't know about.
Plan C?
It might be plan D.
No!
I don't know what plan this is anymore.
But their plan is the Hunger Games.
People see that and they think, oh, that's a woman talking about the UN.
No, that's actually predictive programming.
The actual plan the UN wants is a Hunger Games scenario.
I read a UN biological diversity assessment report put out in the late 70s that Dr. Michael
Kaufman told me about for Endgame, for Endgame 2.0, and in that it says we're going to bring
back regions, we're going to bring back games like the Olympics, and we're going to bring
back a CAS system, and people have to live in rural areas and have no technology or they'll
live in these smart cities, highly controlled, and we're going to bring back human sacrifice
at these games.
Sure.
And we're going to have floating fortresses with UN troops, everyone will be disarmed,
and the global forces will be delivered by giant airships.
I think that's Elysium.
I would say...
I think that was the Winter Soldier?
I'm fucking tired of the globalists having so many plans.
They have got to just pick one and stick to it.
You know, execute your goddamn plan.
This is why they're ten years behind.
Oh god, just finish one!
Finish one!
It's like a weird dad in a hobby.
Every week there's a new thing he does in the garage.
It's like me back when I was trying to write short stories.
Like I get two pages in, fuck it, I'm done.
Yeah, hey globalist, I thought your plan was orderly killing off of people within a few
years, and then if Alex is too good at his job, then there's Plan B with a super bioweapon,
but that's not very good because it's not as fun for the globalists.
They like order.
They want to do things in an organized way.
But apparently they want to bring about the Hunger Games, which doesn't seem like extermination.
It seems like a situation where people are living in destitution while the elites live
opulently and then people kill for entertainment.
I haven't seen those movies, but I did see Battle Royale, so I figure it's the same thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
With slightly more story maybe.
Uh, I mean, I might even go the opposite direction.
I don't know.
I would say...
Why doesn't he ever...
Like, I want him to just really dig into the weeds and start doing...
Don't give me this popular bullshit that's written for young adults.
Give me hard sci-fi.
Tell me that it's going to be like a Heinlein book or fucking...
Do you know what the globalist plan is?
Snow Crash.
That's what it's all about.
It's all about Neal Stephenson now.
That's what's going on.
Let's do that.
That's 2023.
He's got to rebrand.
That's fair.
He's got to leave pockets of sci-fi untouched for when he needs to find a New Testament,
more or less.
That will get to Seven Eves.
That's when it'll happen.
I'm so sick and tired of this shit.
Yeah.
It's just, like, I want a coherent, like, narrative.
Something.
The bad guys are supposed to be working on the behalf of the fucking devil.
Yeah.
He's not a new character.
Whom you can see.
Yeah.
You can see him.
Open demons.
If they've got the look.
If they're open demons.
Closed demons, different story.
Yeah, that's tough.
Yeah.
I would say that I've been studying them 27 years.
The plan shouldn't keep changing around.
Wow, they have to.
Here's the bottom line.
I'm playing games here.
I'm playing Hunger Games.
Nice.
David Icke talks about the Hunger Games stuff all the time.
Oh, okay.
And so Alex is just ripping off David Icke because he's really into him right now.
So annoying.
But yeah, it's more annoying in terms of, like, I can't even trust Alex to be pretending
to be serious about this.
Yeah.
And this is where I'm at, like, oh, yeah, sure.
Okay.
Yeah, I bet.
I bet.
Yeah, good, Alex.
It just makes sense.
I feel like I'm reading the first third of a new novel every week and never finishing
it, and it's infuriating.
It's infuriating.
Yeah, and it points.
It's kind of scary.
Yeah, it's a little scary.
That's fair.
Like this of your wives and children now, the horsemen are drawing their let us teach
a ride, and they're coming to take your life.
So I'm going to ask you right now, what are you going to do about it?
Not going to roll over, are you?
That doesn't protect you.
Choose your fate now.
Yeah.
Take it in your hands.
You've been dying since the day you were born.
You know, it's all been planned.
Stop living on your knees.
Fight on your feet.
You've been dying since the day you were born.
You know, it's all been planned.
A sinner once, a sinner twice.
You need no confessions now.
You have to fight it.
You're alive now.
Just like all those children fought for their lives and those doctors chopped them up.
You're going to have to fight now.
You let the enemy go to the wall.
We all let our own species down, and now we're going to be punished.
And make no mistake, the Rothschilds, the Rockefellers, the Bill Gateses of the world,
they will go into the fire as well.
And their destruction will be the most painful and agonizing ever.
They will be judged.
Every man and every woman will be forced to kneel in front of God.
I just, I find myself like, you know, while I'm sitting here not being able to take Alex
seriously about just about anything he's saying, now getting into this like performative rant
where it's like sort of, you know, it's song lyrics, but it's also in the context of his
show, basically terrorist edging, just trying to get people like ramped up to commit acts
of violence.
You've been dying anyway.
You know, like all that shit.
And then it gets into like, you pair that with forced religious imagery.
It's like, I don't, I can't stand this stuff.
Like, I don't think I've ever encountered in my life a time when like religiosity matched
with like open violence is a good combo.
Yeah.
Historically, just going back through my Rolodex of Second Crusade, that was, no, that wasn't
a good one.
No, that didn't go well.
No, no, usually bad.
Yeah.
You're going to have to go with that.
It just, I know this is performative and I know that Alex, like he doesn't even, he's,
he thinks this is a joke.
Yeah.
Like he's fucking with his audience.
Like, and I can tell because like, listen to this.
President pretender elect Joe Biden can act powerful all day long.
But he's a nobody and he will be brought low.
He will be broken.
He will beg the almighty and God will tell him the door is closed.
You are damned to hell.
Cool.
Then leave him alone until then.
Damned to hell.
All right.
But Joe Biden knows he's damned to hell.
Cool.
He just wants to take you where they, so thank your lucky stars every day that you're not
Joe Biden or Bill Gates or any of these people who are prepared for their own annihilation
and are just trying to drag us down with them.
All right, let's go back to your phone calls here.
All right.
All right, everybody, we're getting back to phone calls on the 9, 6 40 AM.
And all right.
Our next topic today is who's going to burn in the fires of hell.
Yeah.
I'm going to pretend to really care about this, but it's all an act.
I'm putting on a fucking spooky voice to scare you and get you excited about Joe Biden burning
in hell.
Give it away.
Free tickets.
Yeah, exactly.
Anyways, what are we up to?
Aerosmiths coming to the pavilion.
Yeah, this is so stupid.
Yeah.
Anyway, why do you think is a good reason to overthrow the government?
Like taxation without representation is one from American history.
Right.
I was going to go with a real bad Thursday.
Thursdays are usually pretty rough.
You just got to take a nap, man.
Yeah.
Well, a nap would also work.
Let's see.
I will say that in terms of slavery is a good one.
Sure.
I'm pretty sure Haiti had the right idea.
I would say that those are both better than what this caller is going through.
Okay.
This caller wants to overthrow the federal government, and I will say that their grievance
list is small.
Okay.
And I really just called you because we're just getting sick and tired of it, man.
I had to go to my girlfriend's Christmas celebration with masks on 60 away from everybody.
No, I really think this area is ready to not have a federal government anymore.
Everyone.
I agree.
But I mean, I would speak out at that Christmas party and show people the evidence of fraud
and how mass caused bacterial pneumonia privilege, man.
And just because they think they're nurses, they think they know everything.
Well, you know, most of the nurses say that it's all a fraud to scam.
So these must be really young nurses.
One is her grandma.
And one of them is like a 30 year old woman.
I don't know.
They're both pretty liberal.
They both voted for.
I mean, that's it.
No, no.
They know it's about their power, and they're making everybody wear a burka.
So Alex has realized, like, oh, no, I've set out this talking point that all the nurses
are against the vaccine, but these two nurses are for it.
So they must be young.
Oh, wait, they're not young.
Oh, they must be really liberal because that's how they want to express their power.
Just don't go to the Christmas party.
It's like he's got a check down list of like, oh, this must be the most.
Nope.
Okay.
It's like he's a fucking psychic.
It's like you go to that psychic and they're like, oh, I see some loss in your past.
No, I haven't lost.
Ah, but you're going to lose.
I'll be like, fuck off, man.
Yeah.
And in order to trick you from realizing that they've been wrong about a bunch of things,
usually this mentalist will switch topics a little bit.
And Alex does that by talking about these nurses and gender roles.
And I'm not putting women down.
Some women statistically are as mathematically smart as men.
They are more aggressive than men.
They're more dynamic.
On average, men are more mathematical.
Men are more aggressive.
Men don't bow as much.
Men have been taught to be domesticated slugs, let their wives and girlfriends work for them.
And women have been taught to comply with the system.
And so that's why we're being led into bondage by women.
Just as the Bible says will happen in the end times.
But that's not women's fault.
That's men's fault for not being leaders.
Holy shit.
Wow.
Wild.
Wild stuff.
Oh my God.
You ever hear somebody just start saying something and then you're like,
oh my God, you actually believe that?
Yeah.
That's insane.
That's an insane thing you just said.
You should be slapped in the face.
Yeah.
He's basically saying that like women by leading are fucking everything up,
but it's not their fault.
Men should have put them in their place.
Yep.
What the fuck?
Just just just just come out and be like, I don't think we should have given them the right to vote.
Just say it.
I would bet that he would think that's creeping communism.
Why would you give women the right to vote?
They're just going to vote the way their husbands do.
Duh.
You're just going to double all existing votes.
Exactly.
We don't even need to worry about it.
So that was shocking.
I mean, it's not shocking.
No, that's not shocking in its bluntness.
Hey, welcome back to Harrison Smith and I'm down for the casual misogyny hour.
Everybody, what are we doing this morning?
Women should not have rights.
So we have one last caller here on this New Year's Eve show.
Okay.
And this guy has got an interesting idea about what to do
on the sixth because they're doing this rally right down in DC.
Yes, they are.
This guy's got a novel idea.
Just want to touch bases with you with the March on DC or the occupation of DC.
I think that you I'm going to talk to all the Cajun Navy and all
these people that did vote parade for the past three to four months.
We need to have every single one of those people plug up the Potomac.
Because that is a genius idea.
Well, I can set out some Facebook posts and stuff.
Okay.
Yeah, good.
We're going to get some Facebook Facebook posts going to the Cajun
Navy. Yes, yes.
I am fine with these plans.
These are my favorite plans.
Pick something stupid and stick to it.
Like, it's just going to inconvenience you guys.
Exactly.
You're going to sink each other.
They're stupid.
Yes.
Somebody is going to accuse a boat of being Antifa.
Everybody's going to drown.
Totally.
I don't like being taken over by the dumbest people on the planet, Dan.
This plan is too complicated for y'all.
Yes, it's unfortunate that I want to, like, in an almost parental way,
just be like, and here's how you overthrow the government, guys.
This is a terrible...
No, shit!
I couldn't have...
Oh, God damn it.
So I would say that the New Year's Eve Day show and the New Year's Day
show themselves are not, like, really that special.
There's not really a feeling of, like, new beginnings.
Alex does ask on the 31st for people to call in and say their New Year's resolution.
Sure.
It's not much meaningful shit there, but...
I resolved to overthrow the government!
By boat!
So we get to the first, and it's just another show.
It's not like a New Year's show.
Yeah.
There's nothing.
There's no bells or whistles about it, except an amazing roster of guests.
Okay.
And Alex realizing it's probably going to be impossible for Trump to win this election.
All right.
The head of Roger Stone with major exclusive information joining us,
and Robert Barnes with major exclusive information.
He's been working since the election.
Sure he has.
For President Trump, going all across the country.
You've got to stop saying that.
He was there in Georgia with us and other areas, but he was off the radar then.
Sure he was.
And he can really give you the serious path to victory that Trump still has,
but it is a narrowing window like in Indiana Jones, Raiders of the Lost Ark,
where he rolls under as the wall lowers down and closes,
and reaches through and grabs his whip right as it slams shut.
I mean, it's like a Robin Hood shot now of firing the arrow and splitting the arrow.
You know, I've actually done that quite a few times.
Get the fuck out!
Shut the fuck up!
Just shut the fuck up!
Shut up!
It was a little bragging.
A little unnecessarily bragging.
I couldn't handle that one.
I'm sorry for screaming, but that was just too much.
Yeah.
That was just too much.
I've heard him say too much shit.
There is something nonsensical about him being like,
all right, I'm going to come up with an example of an incredibly difficult thing to do,
which by the way, I've done a bunch of times.
So easily.
God damn it, I hate him so much.
What a dick.
How could someone...
I've listened to him say he can do too much shit.
Yeah.
You can't Forrest Gump your way into I'm Robin Hood 2.
I've got bad news for Alex about Trump's agility score.
Yeah.
Don't think he's going to be diving under any doors and getting his bullwhip.
He's got a crossbow and he's going to lean forward and doing that stand thing that he
does that makes him look like a weird fucking horse.
I think he might get...
He's not going to roll well on that guy.
No, I doubt it.
So this is probably my second favorite thing on this January 1st episode.
I will say we end with fantastic and maybe worth the episode on its own.
Okay.
And I'm not talking about Roger Stone.
Okay, good.
But this was a little much for me in a way that I enjoy.
It's good, but it's a little much.
Okay.
The social engineers have noticed that most people, when they're part of a crime,
when they're part of something corrupt, when they get manipulated into doing something
wrong, they don't say they're wrong.
They decide to get even more delusional and to sign on to even more excesses and more
extremes.
Yeah.
And there's many examples of this that you could point out throughout history, but it's
a well-known phenomenon.
Right in front of you.
And the one that I've personally experienced is you with coworkers and even not distant
family, but not really close family.
No, you.
I'm very embarrassed about it.
You specifically.
His online scams.
Everybody knows about Nigerian email scams.
They're one of the most popular, one of the most prolific, but there's lots of groups
doing it.
And you get an email that, hey, the royal bloodline of Prince Abubu wants to give you
a thousand dollars.
He's got money locked up, millions in this bank account, but he is unable because of
sanctions to get it out or whatever.
If you'll just give him a thousand dollars, you will be given $20,000.
And when you give them the thousand, they go, well, he's ready to give you even more
money, but he needs 5,000 more, but now he's going to give you a half million.
And usually most people, once they've given a thousand, they don't want to admit they
got conned.
They give the larger amount.
And then if you've already given them like 20, $30,000, a Cadillac will pull up at your
house because they've got, you know, some of the guys in the scam all over the country.
They'll be in royal robes and say, I am the representative of Prince Abubu.
He thanks you graciously.
Let's make a phone call to him and he will graciously thank you from Nigeria.
And, and, and some people will mortgage their house.
They have a hundred thousand dollars to Prince Abubu because now Prince Abubu is going to
give you a 50 million.
50 million.
And again, I knew a guy, a GCN talk show host that said, I'm being offered a hundred thousand
dollars by Nigerians.
I've already given them 5,000.
And I called the guy and I said, that's a scam, bro.
Are you joking?
Or are you part of this?
And he said, screw you.
You're just jealous.
I'm going to get all this money.
And then he actually got ripped off.
As opposed to the other possibility radio host.
I'm certain Alex has to be talking about himself.
There's the only, he's the only person who could be talking about.
He's so uncreative about like, Oh, this guy was a GCN radio host.
So many details.
I guess the alternative is, Hey, Alex should wrestle with the fact that his buddy, Ted
Anderson would hire a guy and have him as a host to someone who would fall for the Nigerian
email scam that hard.
Yeah.
I don't know if I've ever heard of anybody having a car pull up and in person scammers
show up.
I've never seen that one.
No, because they know that that would probably be a sting.
It would be a bad idea for the scammers to show up.
Yeah.
Because this is primarily because if you're scamming over long distance.
Maybe even in another country.
Yeah.
This is a, this is a bad idea.
I wouldn't do that if I were them.
This is not, this isn't something that escalates to like, let's do this in person because there's
no reason to.
No, you understand that that would be like, the only way that could work is if a reverse
scam of the scammers was possible where they're like, Holy shit, we're going to get so much
money out of this guy.
We got to show up at his place.
Yes.
That would be the same scam in reverse.
Yeah.
I actually did some looking into this.
I read the page on the FBI's website about this scam.
Like, like, you know, the warning signs and stuff.
I read a couple other things.
I can't find any indication that it escalates to a guy showing up at your house.
I don't know.
That doesn't seem like, it seems like a different scam.
We should hire somebody to show up at Alex's house.
Just a Nigerian prince.
Well, I, I gotta, he does always say Prince of Boo Boo.
And I know that that feels racist.
It is.
He is a racist.
So it feels like that could just be a name he's making up, but he always uses that name.
Well, it's very specific.
It's the name of, uh, uh, well, I mean, isn't it from Aladdin?
Isn't that the insult name that Jafar, he calls him Prince of Boo Boo.
Oh, does he?
Yes, he does.
Oh shit.
I didn't realize that.
I haven't seen that in a long time.
I'm pretty sure that's Ali Ababwa.
Yeah.
So then he, he insults his name like this.
Interesting.
Yeah.
That, that's, I don't know why that poll is so easy for me.
Well, I don't know.
I haven't, I haven't seen it in a long time and it does make sense that something would
come from a movie.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
All right.
We've, we've sorted this out.
Okay.
Alex has almost certainly been scammed by, uh, that.
I don't know about the car though.
I think that seems, that seems like he might've just dreamt it.
That seems his, uh, his embellishment kind of storytelling style, but everything else
seems very suspiciously accurate.
So this vaccine, um, you know what it is?
It's the mark of the beast.
Again?
This is the whole world government agenda.
This is the mark of the beast.
This is the tracking system.
This is it.
And yes, Trump has failed at this critical juncture on this critical issue.
He has gone along with it.
And I, I thought he was doing that to take control of the agenda from him.
Cause I made that up.
Which partially they've done.
And I understand that Trump's not a scientist.
It doesn't matter.
Trump won the election.
The Democrats are trying to steal it.
They want him out of the way because Joe Biden is 500 times worse.
So I support Trump.
Okay.
Yeah.
All that stuff about like Trump is putting out the Pfizer vaccine to cut off Bill Gates
with his MR and RNA.
I was just making all that stuff up.
I was just talking shit to find a way to support Trump, even though he was in favor of the
vaccine.
So I had to do that.
That was the only way that I could really thread the needle.
And now I look like an idiot, so I pretend I never said that, but I do have to, I mean,
my callers do know that I said that Trump was trying to play 3d chess or 4d chess with
the vaccine.
So now I gotta be like, ah, well, Trump is wrong on this one.
Uh oh, he gave us the mark of the beast.
Sure.
But you gotta support him cause Biden would give you 50 marks of the beast.
Love it.
I love it.
So dumb.
I just love how stupid it is.
Yeah.
And, and literally, literally immediately after he's talking about how people will double
down rather than admit they got conned.
He's literally doing exactly that.
Yeah.
Except he conned himself.
He is both the recipient and the sender of the Nigerian scam email.
Yeah.
But, uh, I think, you know, which also wouldn't surprise me too much if that was true in real
life as well, a Nigerian scam email.
Yeah.
I think that if I find it difficult to understand what you gain by having Trump in office, if
Trump being in office still facilitated the rise of the devil.
Yep.
I do.
If, if the goal is averting the mark of the beast and Trump ushered everyone into and
did not protect you from the mark of the beast or whatever.
Yeah.
Seems like he sucks and you shouldn't support him either.
That would make sense.
Yeah.
I think we, I think if I was in government, I would officially name something the mark
of the beast just cause I'm so sick of everything being the mark of the beast.
Oh yeah.
Like the mark of the beast act or something.
Yeah.
Something like that.
Just literally like, Hey, guess what?
This is your lucky day, Christians.
This is the mark of the beast.
And it would just be like a bill to name a library or something.
Totally.
Absolutely.
And then, then we wouldn't have to deal with all this.
Well, the vaccine is the mark of the beast.
Well, the barcodes is the mark of the beast.
Well, your phone's the mark of the beast.
I'm sick of it.
Yeah.
So Alex takes a bunch of calls on this show too.
Like I think he's just sort of like, yeah, let's just take all easy content, whatever.
That's kind of a vacation.
These people are tough to deal with.
Yeah.
That's fair.
I would not consider a vacation talking to Alex's audience.
Fair enough.
Um, this guy is terrified.
Okay.
Just want to let you know, I used to call in as Jason from Germany, um, but I had to
get my family out of Germany, brought them back to the States after Trump was reelected
because I remember you've been calling for what, four or five years.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening longer than that, but I had to get my family out because of the
invasion, which you're well aware of.
And, uh, the Islamic invasion.
Yes, sir, uh, brought my family here back to my home state of Oregon, which I love and
wanted to put down roots in.
Unfortunately, as you know, it didn't work out here.
The West coast appears to be become, have, have become aligned with Chinese interests
more than anything else.
Oh no.
Wow, dude, you are fucking up your whole life.
This guy had to flee Germany because apparently the Muslims have invaded Germany.
He gets home to the West coast only to find that it is under Chinese control.
This guy can't catch a break.
This is our modern day Odysseus.
That is what we're dealing with right here.
He gets home only to find that his wife has left him.
I honestly also kept thinking while I was listening to this, I don't know, maybe it's
just the mood I'm in, but I kept thinking, grow up just to everybody, to Alex, to these
callers, just grow the fuck up.
What are you guys doing?
Um, well, it's just too much larping.
It's all larping.
It's so, it's so like, I get it.
Real life is often boring.
It's repetitive.
Not much is going on, especially now, but you can't live like you're in a fucking
spy movie and the Muslims are invading Germany.
Sure.
Come on, man.
I think, I think a certain amount of it is probably motivated by people recognizing
how difficult a time in history this is and how relatively easy some people have it and
needing to not feel the guilt of that.
And so you trans, you, you take that and you sort of transform it into, well, obviously
the Chinese run the West coast.
Sure, sure.
And I better run away from the Chinese occupied territory.
Fine.
Right.
Cause that's the way, that's the way you can experience some of the actual pain that
so many other people are living without having to actually face it.
Or feel like you're sharing pain with people who you actively are told to hate.
Or recognize that you are a part of the system that maintains that status quo.
Totally.
I guess it's more fun this way.
So Alex takes another call and this, this guy is like really, really laying it out there.
What Infowars is all about.
I know it's a little off subject, but you would be one of the best preachers.
If you could just take like, maybe like, I don't know what day you do it on, but maybe
once a week, once a month.
But you were the person that got me through politics to finally accept Jesus as my savior.
And I'm not, I'm not trying to say that to be silly.
It's really true.
It was first politics, but I did realize that it's about, you know, what we wrestle not
with against flesh and blood, against principalities, powers, you know how it goes.
You know?
Yeah.
This is the second call within these two days.
I didn't even cut the first one because it was just kind of like, well, it's just another
person saying that Alex brought him to God.
But it is a bunch there, like two people within two days calling in being like, you through
politics, you Trojan horse religion to me.
And that's, I mean, Hey, look, if people want to be religious, like I, like I always try
and try and say, I'm not against religion.
Yeah.
I find this to be a fraud.
I find this to be a con that Alex is doing where it's this extremist version of Christianity
in maybe in quotes that you can arrive to by way of extreme right-wing politics.
And you know what?
It's not even really religion.
It's still politics, but it has the verve and the zeal of religiosity.
Wherein now all of your political enemies are demons.
Yeah.
And you can see it because you have discernment now.
Right.
It's, it's that it's, it's a, it's a two staged charade.
I mean, religion is the escalation of political violence in a way.
Just that sense of like, Oh, my purpose is so much bigger.
You know, I used to be politically active where I wanted to affect the country and the
government and the way my city was run.
But now I'm not just affecting that.
I'm affecting the world.
And I'm not just affecting the world.
I'm affecting the entire universe.
Right, right, right.
Yeah.
That is a path that that can go.
That is not what religion is entirely.
No, no, no, no.
Absolutely.
That is a way that it can manifest.
And it's, it's the, it's the path that Alex thrives on.
And it's really, it's really a bummer.
Yeah.
Particularly because like you're seeing like these people are just like living in a completely
different world than everyone else.
Totally.
They're like, this guy had to flee Germany because the Muslims invaded.
And the Chinese are running the West Coast.
Yeah, no.
Prosperity gospel preachers should be immediately arrested and imprisoned for life.
Like every part of that is fucked.
Yeah.
And then listen to this.
Alex is like, this is the kind of reality that Alex wants to live in and wants to perpetuate
for his audience.
I told you 16 years ago that a friend of mine is a big movie producer, was talking to James
Cameron and James Cameron said, yeah, we were going to roll out new movie theaters where
you sit in a circle around it and it's a hologram.
But the decision was made in the future.
There won't even be movies anymore.
So I'm moving to New Zealand for the end of the world, and I'm going to get all these
ships and things so that it looks like I'm, you can write it off as an ocean oceanic researcher,
but really in case even New Zealand falls, I've got a fleet of ships during the depopulation
operation.
Sure.
Remember I told you that 15, 16 years ago and now he admits basically all of that.
What does basically mean?
So if I understand this correctly, movie producer talking to James Cameron, James Cameron's
like, hey, you remember Titanic?
And he's like, yes, I do.
We're going to watch it in holograms.
And he was like, that sounds cool.
And then he was like, psych, movies aren't even going to exist.
So the movie producer realizing that he doesn't have a job later on in life was like, oh,
obviously what I'll do is scam New Zealand's tax system.
So I'll have a fleet of ships.
Also, keep telling people you're going to put out those avatar sequels, even though
there will be no movies.
You're still going to need it.
Yeah.
I want to know what elements of that has been basically admitted to.
I don't know.
By who?
Great question.
Did New Zealand open up those tax loopholes?
James Cameron is incredibly committed to the bit because he also put out that Titanic,
the hunt for the Titanic film.
Yeah.
He is interested in the water.
Yeah, well, of course.
So stupid.
Okay.
So this is the detachment from reality and this stupid shit that Alex puts out.
And it's mixed up with this religious verve that gets people to think that he's bringing
them to some kind of a real spirituality, but it's not.
Go to band.video, see the ancient Middle Ages, 800 year old carving of the devil, eating
a child.
And now what do you see at the Space Needle?
Now, what do you see at the Olympics?
Now, what do you see for real?
Now, what do you see coming with the mRNA vaccine?
Death, sacrifice of your genetics, sacrifice of your fertility, sacrifice of your health.
The very takeover of your body in a giant genetic ritual with what they cooked up with
full clone genomes of jellyfish and humans injected, taking over every cell in your body
cell by cell.
And by the time you figure out you've been hit by it, you don't know what hit you.
All right, Brian, Michael, John, everybody, we're going to your calls.
We come back.
Then it sticks after Stone's on for a couple of segments and I'll go back to your calls.
Then Robert Barnes is coming up.
This is not a game.
Fight back with what God gave us.
Vitamin D3, winter sun in stock.
It's just ridiculous.
If you listen to that minute, it's just nonsensical.
Alex, I just want to thank you for bringing me to Christ.
After you told me there was an 800 year old statue of the devil eating a child, and then
I looked at what was happening at the Space Needle and at the Olympics.
And why not?
Denver's airport.
Sure.
Lucifer.
I came to Christ.
And by that, I mean I bought winter sun because it's on sale.
Yeah, that was what I meant to say.
The religion of Alex's dumb pills.
Jesus.
Anyway, Roger Stone is on.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
Is he talking about James Cameron's movie after the Avatar sequel where North Korean
get on a boat and they dramatic fly over to Maine?
Nope.
Drop the ballots off.
He just wants to wish Alex a happy new year.
Starring Tom Hanks.
Well, Alex, first of all, happy new year.
It's got to be a better year than 2020, although 2020 certainly had its highlights.
It was not only the year in which I was convicted, framed really in a Soviet style show trial.
I hate you.
But also the year in which through the mercy of God, the president gave me first a
commutation, then a full and unconditional pardon.
I hate you.
So here's really what I take offense at.
Roger should be furious at Trump for pardoning him.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's because now he doesn't have to spend all that money proving that he was innocent
of the entire thing.
See?
He's saving all of his money and he's...
Nope.
No, it's a good thing.
It's a good thing that he doesn't have to...
Now, obviously he is.
And he's going to give back all the money that people donated.
Shut up.
Oh, he's not?
Based on the premise from around the time of that conversation about a commutation,
Roger was explicit that he didn't want a pardon because he had so much evidence that he could
prove that he was set up and he was going to be the one who's going to be the champion
fighting to expose the deep state corruption that only he could because he had the standing,
because he had all the evidence that he was innocent.
It was all going to come out in court.
Trump, don't pardon me.
I'm just afraid to go to prison because there's a lot of COVID-19 in those prisons and I'm
an old man, I have pre-existing health conditions, you need to commute my sentence so I can survive
to appeal.
Of course.
And now, of course, like, hey, isn't it great to pardon me?
Fuck you, man.
No kidding.
Fuck you.
The whole story is gone now.
I think if I were the judge...
You're so full of shit.
If I were the judge that gave Roger Stone so many fucking chances, and then I heard
that, I would think that every decision that I had ever made up to that point was a bad
one.
Now listen to me, if I were somebody who listened to Infowars and believed this shit, I would
be mad about this.
You should be.
I would be mad.
I'd be like, hey, Roger, remember when you were going to be the one who was going to
get Peter Strzok thrown in prison or whatever?
Nobody wants to be the first...
Look, I'm not an Infowarrior.
I'm not the tip of the spear, Dan.
I think he said he's the tip of the spear.
Well, okay, so I said I was the tip of the spear, but I don't want to fight anybody.
He was begging for money from everybody for his legal defense so he could be there and
expose the deep state.
If I believed that the deep state was something real that was an imminent threat and was going
to kill my family, I'd probably be pretty fucking pissed off that Roger accepted a pardon
or even like, I don't know, is there some kind of a mechanic for rejecting a pardon?
Like if you think you're actually innocent?
Yeah, I believe there is.
I believe you can reject a pardon.
Guess what?
He wouldn't need to because he could just tell Trump, don't pardon me, he could actually
do that instead of just doing that publicly.
Oh God, I would be so mad at him.
I can't believe these people let these people get away with this.
I can.
Well, yeah, I guess I can too, but it's still infuriating.
That you can get away with this shit is bonkers.
Yeah.
And that you, and that it seems almost not, it's almost expected that she'll get away
with it.
I swear to God, if they were, if they should be smirking all the time at how, Harrison
Ford should play the parts of everyone at Info Wars with that dumb smirk on his face every
time he says anything, because if you listen to this, you're fucking stupid.
Harrison Ford as Harrison Smith.
Get off my plane.
So Alex is going to DC, you know, he's going to go do this rally.
Sure.
And like, I was listening to this clip and all I could think is like, this is just a
separate reality that's being discussed.
We're going to DC like they did in Romania or, you know, like they've done in many other
places and showing our numbers to the dictatorship of the left of the bureaucracy that's trying
to steal the election from our president and complete their takeover.
We do not want violence of any type because we have the election on our side.
We have the truth.
It's the left that's violent.
So, I mean, it's just the conception of what's going on is just completely warped.
Yeah.
There's just, I don't even know how to have a conversation with that.
This is another one of those things where you're like, I just can't believe that this
is still, it's like those conversations, it's like those debates that we've talked about
where it's like, you're just having the same conversation they had 2000 years ago, but
dumber.
Yeah.
You don't realize the thoughts that the people who had this conversation a while back had
afterwards through the scholarly discussion about this.
And in the same way, this like, we've literally seen not just this exact thing happen before,
but this exact thing happened a couple weeks ago.
It's not like this is in the long distant past where there's no way we could possibly
learn from our history.
Yeah.
This is a couple weeks ago.
And it's only worse.
It's only worse.
Yeah, it's, I just don't know.
I can't even fathom how fucking stupid this is.
It's the left that's violent propaganda.
That's infinite years old.
It's always the same shit and people still fall for it.
Well, I mean, look, the truth is that Alex is going to do this rally and people have
told him that if he doesn't, then maybe he'd get back on Facebook.
I have had ABC national news host call me up.
I've had others from Fox call me.
I've had Democrat party lawyers call me and go, Alex, we like you.
You platform, please don't do this in DC.
You're going to be in danger.
Somebody might shoot you.
Oh, please don't lead a violent revolution.
And really what they're doing is calling up and threatening me.
So they're really concerned about the six, Roger.
I mean, if they've got it in the bag so much, why are they doing this?
Because they didn't.
So an ABC news host called Alex Jones on air, on air, on air host, by the way,
threatening him.
Yeah.
Don't do this.
We don't want violence to happen to you.
Yeah.
ABC on air host.
Hey, look, we like you, Alex.
Alex, I'm a Democrat lawyer, which is how I've always introduced myself
on any phone conversation.
And I just want to let you know, we love you.
Alex, I should tell you I'm a high ranking globalist.
And I will get you back on Twitter.
If you just please don't have your violence rally.
Don't hold this rally.
We've only seen two of these in the past few weeks and nothing happened then either.
Well, some things happened.
Well, that's fair.
Not maybe not to the scale Alex was looking for.
And also, let's not get it twisted.
Alex is going to show up somewhere.
It's not like Alex is leading a revolution.
No, no, no, no, no.
But he is one of the bad boys.
Got a hold of me.
Yeah, we got two of the real bad boys here.
You're surely Alex Jones and Roger Stone.
Fuck yeah, two of the real bad boys.
Oh boy.
Bad boys.
Okay.
All right.
If we who's who's Will Smith and who's Martin Lawrence in this?
I'm not sure.
But look, I will say that Roger lives up to his reputation as a bad, bad boy.
You know, Alex, I'm putting in sometimes 17, 18 hour days.
I'm trying to finish my book, which is entitled Roger Stone did nothing wrong.
My political persecution and the heist of the 2020 election.
They are very intricately connected.
Real quick.
That's an unwieldy title.
I would shorten that up.
No, no, no.
I like to go back to 17th century titles.
I like on the existence of this and over that.
And on the course of things that might be and over, okay.
No, unwieldy.
Love it.
I'm trying to finish the script for a documentary.
I'm going to be honest with you.
If I was not using Brain Force Plus, there's no way.
This is a great product.
I'm paid nothing to tell you this, folks.
Bad boys.
How much is he getting paid to say that?
I might have suspected that he wasn't getting paid until he said, I'm definitely not getting
paid for this kind of makes me think you're getting paid dicey.
Yeah, that's what the bad boys do.
They work 17 hour days on shelf-serving documentaries and books and then shill for Alex's products.
Couple of the bad boys.
Couple of the real rebels out there.
And much like bad boys, Roger says, I would say that one of the defining characteristics
of bad boys is that they defer to authority.
That's exactly what they do.
In any situation.
Oh, totally.
I'm not second guessing the president of the United States.
I don't know what he has up his sleeve.
I do know this.
Whatever it is, I will support him 1000%.
He is the greatest president since Abraham Lincoln.
Hey, you're talking to a guy who hates Abraham Lincoln right now.
I was going to say, this is the guy.
Abraham Lincoln killed Alex's ancestors.
Well, they fought at least.
Yeah.
So, I mean, Lincoln might not be the best example to use here.
I know that for sane people, that might be a good example as a president that's looked
upon positively, but Alex doesn't like him.
You're talking to the people who still...
Alex's Confederate Royalty.
Still smarten over that whole loss back then.
Yeah.
Also, just such a bad boy.
Whatever Trump does, I am fine with.
I will never, never be insubordinate, even if he does the things that I say he shouldn't
do.
Cause he got me out of prison for something that I definitely would have lost appeal about,
but I pretend to... fuck it, asshole.
Jesus.
I mean, go fuck yourself, Roger.
Really?
Like really hard.
Yeah.
Now it's time for Barnes to come in.
I like how it never gets better.
No.
No, it doesn't.
Although this episode will end quite well.
Okay, good.
But before that, we got to get through the Meyer that is Robert Barnes.
So Barnes has a plan, or he's a constitutional lawyer, so he can explain...
I don't know if any of that's true, but I haven't seen any evidence that would suggest
he's a constitutional lawyer, but you can continue.
He was Wesley Snipes' lawyer!
So Barnes, because he knows the Constitution, is gonna lay out for Alex the steps that could
happen in order for Trump to get into office.
And basically, it's just an elaborately, absurdly complicated plan that is not gonna happen.
So all of those are basically in play, and the question is, what do House members and
Senators do when presented with argument and evidence about these individual states' electors?
Do they uphold an unconstitutional election, or do they contest that unconstitutional election?
If Biden ends up with fewer than 270 electoral votes at the end of this process,
then under the 12th Amendment, the election goes to the House of Representatives to vote
by state delegation.
Not by individual members, but by state delegation.
So, and that heavily favors Trump.
So the big question, the first big question was, would a Senator join the objections?
We now know, Senator Hawley, that will happen.
That means these votes have to take place, that means these hearings have to take place,
and that gives the President, while a long shot, a shot to have a constitutionally correct
response take place to this unconstitutional election.
What can we the people do to put pressure?
Obviously, March, what else?
Chew your food?
Yeah, I would say talk with your mouth empty would be-
Eat during the breaks, asshole.
Yeah, cheers.
You've got a constitutional lawyer trying to tell you how the Constitution works and
Trump could steal this election.
Don't eat a sandwich while he's telling me this.
This is all just this elaborate, this root.
So you've got the objections.
Let's say Arizona is being objected to, and then somehow magically that objection
stands and everyone agrees on it, then those electoral votes are taken away, and then you
get Biden under the threshold, and then now the House elects-
Right.
Oh God, it sounds like QAnon stuff, but you should know that even though Alex has not
gotten the memo about Lin Wood, Robert Barnes has, and he does not like what he's hearing.
Well, I think Lin Wood is doing a lot of damage to the President's case,
particularly in Congress where he needs votes, he needs votes out of House members and Senators.
And I think the reason why the media has been happy to let him go wild and why Twitter hasn't
censored him at all is because they see them as helping Democrats and hurting Trump.
I think he thinks he's helping Trump, but in fact he's not because he's pursuing allegations
that either cannot be proven at this stage or within this timeframe, or allegations that
distract from the core issues that can be proven.
Which are-
And frankly, Wood has been involved with a lot of the QAnon types who believe a lot of
stuff that just has not been proven true. And that's a key problem, and unfortunately Sidney
Powell got entrapped by a lot of that.
Entrapped by a lot of that? What does that mean? Unpack that word, counselor.
I would say that my new exhortation for everyone is to always be carrying tomatoes with you
in case you see Robert Barnes.
I'm amazed by the turn of phrase that Sidney Powell was entrapped by QAnon stuff.
Entrapped by QAnon stuff.
Is that a legally meaningful term?
I don't know, did she get to catch a predator with QAnon stuff?
I don't want to say that she believes dumb shit.
Hey, why don't you have a seat?
So anyway, Barnes lays out this scenario again for Alex.
Yes, so if I understand correctly, it's possible that a Rube Goldberg machine might have been
activated by a lawsuit that will then suddenly roll down one of those ducts that bends over
and drinks water and pops back up, and then there'll be an overthrow of the government,
and we're all just going to be fine.
They're playing Constitution mousetrap.
Gotcha.
I want to find that for people that aren't Constitution lawyers, how that would happen
if the House and Senate voted to do that, what the states would then do, what that would
look like.
So what would happen is if Joe Biden does not reach 270 electoral votes that are uncontested
and that have not yet been certified, then the remedy under the 12th Amendment is to
go to the House.
Now, the Vice President Pence, there is an interpretation of the 12th Amendment that
Vice President Pence can do this all by himself, that he can say there's contests involving
too many states, so there's not enough.
Neither candidate has more than 270 electoral votes.
So under the 12th Amendment, the House must vote now by state delegation.
So all the and in some houses you have a tie, so the vote probably wouldn't count.
But it's the it's the newly seeded house, not the old house, but the newly seeded house
that would vote.
They would vote by state and whoever gets 26 states to vote for them wins.
Or if it's 25 and 23 and two are tied, they win.
So the the president has an edge with 27 states.
Wow.
And this makes the Georgia election also more important than ever.
Yes, that's why that's why Trump has been pursuing it.
He knows he needs those Republican senators to have a chance to get to the House delegation
in the first place.
To get to this stupid Hail Mary nonsense that you're talking about.
Oh, this is why I like that election is is important to Trump.
Oh, yeah, it makes sense.
This is nonsense.
Like like here's here's why this stuff exists is because this makes sense when it's only
white landowners who are allowed to vote.
So you can have all these conversations in Congress because you're like, this is also
the total number of people who were allowed to vote in this election.
But when but when everybody's allowed to vote.
OK, sooner or later.
Yeah, this is going to have to happen.
One side is going to have to accept what they believe is an undemocratic election.
Oh, either way.
But we already did in 2000.
Exactly.
So that's how it's going to go down.
Either either the Democrats admit, fine, you can stay in office because you imagine something
happened and we're just going to live with it.
Or Republicans are going to have to be like, fine, we're just fine with an undemocratically
chosen president because at no point in time are these people going to ever believe that
they that he's the.
Well, they have to they have to accept what they perceive to be.
That's what I'm saying.
Not an actually undemocratic.
Exactly.
But in their minds, it's just as real as anything else.
Yeah, that's fair.
So I mean, I don't know, there's no there's no other way to like.
There's some humble pie that will need to be eaten.
Yeah.
By Trump fans because otherwise it gets bad.
By our blown up knees like that'll that'll be one way for us to eat humble pie.
Well, see, here's the thing.
Barnes has got this elaborate scenario wherein maybe there's an interpretation of the 12th
Amendment where Pence can just be like, hey, shit doesn't look good.
Let's do steal it.
Yeah, I think that was Sideshow Bob's interpretation of the 12th Amendment.
Alex is a little bit worried about that, though, because why?
Well, seems kind of dictator ish.
Well, Alex would like to avoid the perception of being a dictator.
Sure.
Is there not another way so they don't claim Trump overturned the election as a dictator
for the ignorant people out there to say we're going to have a new election?
Because even the U.N., the State Department say if there's not poll watchers, if there's
big questions, you should redo.
That's the international standard.
That's the American standard.
We don't normally have to redo elections, but I think this is the time to do it.
Is there a path to do that?
Congress could do that.
Congress could set another election day and say that given the contested presidential
election, we're going to have election day on January 19th.
For example, I think they're too cowardly when the Democrats have done this gaslighting
saying they want to run this scam.
I think they're just too cowardly.
These people in Congress should absolutely overturn the fraud, which they should.
But I think the third way is a new election.
I think Trump's leaning towards that.
I've been told.
Have you talked to him?
He was always open to that, but he preferred his original remedy, of course, was
preferred that he be declared the winner based on an honest vote count.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Wild.
Yeah.
It's it's like looking into a funhouse mirror.
It really is nuts.
I would give anything for a Democratic Party as strong and as conniving is what they
imagine.
I would take any single activist under the age of 20 over anybody in Congress right
now.
That's the reality of it.
They're pathetic.
It's sad.
It's but it's sad.
Even so, like, I mean, like, we could talk about that all day.
I'm I'm I'm much more interested in how this is being painted.
Yeah.
They're talking about like, hey, you know, like the sensible middle ground is another
election.
Yeah.
Like, hey, look, we can just do another election as a favor to the Democrats.
We could do another election.
Like, what the fuck?
How many how many?
How detached is this?
I don't know.
I don't know how you could even take it seriously as a OK, you want another election?
What will need to happen for you to agree that Biden lost?
Just tell me.
Oh, yeah.
What are the parameters?
In fact, yeah, I would be for another election if you had to write down exactly what you
need to accept the election.
And then if it happens, you have to shut the fuck up forever.
Sorry, I can't do that.
I wrote those down when I was in a fugue state.
See, now this is what I'm talking about.
Also, Robert Barnes is on Stefan Molyneux's show within the last year.
Hey, white nationalist buddy.
So anyway, Barnes thinks that the problem for Trump is that he has a lack of allies
and that they've all betrayed him.
I wonder why they would do that.
Oh, well, the fundamental weakness the president has had throughout his four year tenure has
been the lack of allies in key positions of power around him.
And he's coming to terms with the full recognition of what that means as he sees McConnell's
recommended judges betray him at every single level, as he sees McConnell tries to betray
him in the Senate on the upcoming vote, as he sees what's happened with the Republican
governors in Arizona and Georgia undermining him.
So he now fully appreciates it.
But I think he undervalued it before and he had too few allies.
And the effect of it is smart allies would have him periscoping every single day, would
have him doing, you know, introducing Trump TV now and doing at least one hour updates
every single night, answering questions, connecting to people directly, getting people proactive
had he controlled the narrative in that manner.
Then some of this Linsanity from Linwood and some of these other Q movements could not
have diverted people's attention.
And Big Tech wouldn't have seen a green light to even start censoring him.
I don't know if it's a good idea or not, but I will tell you, I don't want to live in a
world where the president is moonlighting as a TRL host.
Not good.
Taking calls.
I mean, in the reality we live in, I think it might be a smart idea.
I don't want to live there.
We're talking about two different things.
You're talking about effective.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm talking about that would be dark.
I'm more mad at him taking Linsanity away.
That is one of the five good things that have happened to the Knicks in the past hundred
years.
Shame on you, Barnes.
How dare you?
The Knicks have had five good moments.
Okay.
Yeah, so I guess they want Trump to have a media outlet that he's operating while he
is in power and should have been doing it while he was trying to be reelected, which
is fucked up.
You know what's not dystopian at all is if it was forced into our homes no matter what
we did and it was always on screen and you couldn't even turn the TV off if you wanted
to.
Alex's buddy suggested that on the other day.
Oh, really?
The emergency alert system.
Now that reminds me of this one thing from that book that they like to talk about all
that all the time.
What was it called?
Because in that book, the Dictator's Dystopia, he was always on that.
Wind in the Willows.
That was it.
Mr. Toad's Wild Ride.
Yeah, so you may recall the last time Alex went to DC, he spoke at that Jericho March
and in the course of the day, he ran into Mike Flynn.
And unfortunately, video came out of this where Mike Flynn looked at Alex like he was
a weirdo and then ran away.
We have an update on that.
What?
Turns out Mike Flynn called to apologize.
That's what this is all about.
But I told the story of how this happened and I just handed it off immediately because
no one else was stepping up and there wasn't a magical Q group.
There wasn't a magical Intel group doing it.
And I had General Flynn called me yesterday and said, I'm sorry about how it looked like
when I got startled by you that I'm not a friend.
And they said, I'm sorry that happened.
I said, I totally understand.
He's going to be there.
So everybody's together.
Everybody's good.
Everything's great.
Look, I'm sorry that I was startled by you and I looked like I wasn't a friend.
Normally, normally I don't particularly care.
Anytime they do those, like when reached for comment, this person said, this is the only
time I want Michael Flynn on record as having said yes or no to this being true.
Also, was Mike Flynn entrapped by the keystone?
Where are we going to draw the line on entrapment?
If there's entrapment, are they being blackmailed by pedophiles?
What is happening?
I don't know.
Jesus.
Anyway, I'd like to remind you before I play this clip that Robert Barnes is a constitutional
lawyer.
Are you sure?
We'll talk about what Trump's role should be if they effectively steal it.
He's got to never concede and just be the president in absentia, in exile, and just
keep building the movement against him.
Do you remember that?
Like the constitution says.
Oh, no doubt about it.
And it needs to be at the...
There's been too much focus at the top.
Hugh always focuses on the top.
We need to focus...
This needs to be a bottom-up revolution if it's going to work.
You're complaining that other people are focusing too much at the top.
You're saying you should have a make-believe second president.
That seems like a pretty harsh focus on the top.
Are we just going to exile him to an island for a while until he eventually returns to
recapture the empire and then...
I like islands too much.
Send him to Atlantis.
All right.
That's where Bonaparte is.
I promised you that we were going to end this episode on a fun note.
Yes.
And we will.
Okay.
Because there is a call that comes in that is huge.
Let's talk to John in Wyoming.
John, thanks for holding.
Go ahead.
Good morning, Alex.
Yes!
It's Old Man House Phone!
He's alive!
Old Man House Phone, you live!
Sign of life.
January 1st, 2021.
Of course he joins us on the first day of the new year.
He's like, I don't know, a groundhog showing up and seeing its shadow so there's no more
winter or something.
Old Man House Phone returns.
Old Man House Phone's alive.
Hey, Old Man House Phone.
But he probably is, because he lives in the middle of nowhere in Wyoming and that's a
house phone.
So he's not a high COVID risk.
No, no, no.
That would be a...
Although he is really old, from what I recall.
I'll tell you this, he's at least an hour outside of town.
Yeah, he listens to Skousen.
So anyway, his call is not very interesting at all, but it is worth celebrating that he
is alive.
It's good to see him back.
Yeah, and here's how the call ends.
And John, you've been calling in for like 15, 16, maybe.
How long you been calling in, John?
You haven't gotten on in years.
Oh, it's, you know, since little Orphan Annie had pupils in her eyes.
All right, brother.
I said I'm gonna start that show years ago with our best callers.
I never did it, but we finally have started doing it.
Give me your name and number again.
I want to have you on as a guest.
I'll get you on with Harrison on the American Journal.
You have been giving him your name and number for over 17 years since fucking...
I was in college when he first gave the phone number.
Old man house phone.
Yeah, we're gonna do it over Skype.
Do you want to do it over Skype, old man house phone?
What's that?
I don't think I can do FaceTime on my rotary.
Hold on.
I'm gonna have to plug into the other operator and see if she can handle that out.
Sorry, I can't come on your show today.
It's a party line.
Could you please hang up?
I need to keep this line open.
Wow.
Oh, man.
See, now the problem is everybody should have a good house phone
just in case they need to hang up on Alex Jones.
Sure.
Because if you could hang up on...
Oh, you could make a real good noise out of it.
It'd be great.
Yeah, I do think that people who are of a certain age, younger folks,
probably don't know that experience.
The joy of really slamming a phone down.
Yeah, it's pretty cathartic.
Just like solving a lot of problems that you didn't even know you had with one phone slam.
Yeah, I don't miss it though.
Maybe I was a more angsty person whenever.
Stationary phones go around.
Sure, sure.
Wall phones, jamming the fucking...
Oh, man, have you ever broken one of the things on a wall phone?
I think everybody has.
Oh, yeah, it's the best.
Yeah.
The worst is when...
Sorry, Dan.
The worst is when you try to sort of slam a wall phone horizontally and it doesn't stick.
It just drops.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That gesture did not work.
That's like tripping up the stairs whenever two people can see you.
And there's no escape from that moment of embarrassment where you're like, shit.
Yeah.
Yep.
So we begin 2021 and I think that there's an old man house phone showing up and giving
us proof of life is probably a great sign.
I think it's a good omen.
Yeah.
I think it says 2021 is going to be more house phone oriented.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I don't know what it portends, but it's something positive.
A step backward in technological development.
COVID Sharia.
My COVID.
Sorry.
I forget.
I just wanted to play that.
I forgot to play it at the beginning.
Sorry.
That sorry is always...
I mean, it's the right thing to say.
It is the right thing to say.
It's just weird.
I want to know.
That's the other thing.
Two questions for once.
The plexiglass between us.
Sure.
Atlantis.
And why do you say sorry?
What is motivating that?
Are you actually sorry?
I bet that's a childhood tick.
It must be.
Yeah.
I think that's a Texas childhood tick for him.
It's got to be.
Yeah.
So, Jordan, we'll be back.
But until then, we have a website.
We do have a website.
It's knowledgefight.com.
Yep.
We're also on Twitter.
We are on Twitter.
It's at knowledgefight.net.
Go2betjordan.
Yep.
We're also on Facebook.
We are on Facebook.
Please find a local charity or bail fund in your area
to help out people doing God's work right now.
Yep.
We'll be back.
But until then, I'm Neo.
I'm Leo.
I'm DZXClark.
I'm Daryl Rundis.
I'm thrilled that Old Man House Phone is alive.
I mean that un-sarcastically.
It's pretty nice to hear from him again.
It's almost like hearing that Don DeGrande Prix is alive.
But unfortunately, I have bad news.
He is not.
But Old Man House Phone is.
Andy in Kansas.
You're on the air.
Thanks for holding.
Hello, Alex.
I'm a first time caller.
I'm a huge fan.
I love your work.
I love you.